Create the Has not purchased a policy filter:
The Has not purchased a policy filter checks whether an insurance policy for the car has already been purchased. If a policy has already been purchased, the insurance company does not want to add the customer to the marketing campaigns. Because car insurance policies are typically valid for 12 months, the filter checks whether a policy has been purchased for the car in the past 12 months.

In Design, create a new filter and name it Has not purchased a policy.
You now define the logic of the filter to check that the potential customer who submitted the quotation request has not purchased a policy in the last year.

In the filter editor, click the first menu in the row (or the first box itself), then click Select a predefined function.
A pair of parentheses has been added to the filter condition and another box is added inside the parentheses. A list of the available functions is automatically opened.

Click Context functions, then click Past Occurrences Of [event or action] Within. The first box in the filter condition now displays Past Occurrences Of. Another box is added with the label Within inside the parentheses.
Click the menu before the second box (or the second box itself), then click Select an event so that the filter checks for past occurrences of an event. A list of available events is then displayed. Click PolicySystem > PolicyPurchased.
Click the box or menu that follows the Within label, then click Enter a value. Because the only type of value that is appropriate in the expression is a time period, a dialog containing calender and time options is displayed.
In the Month column, set the value 12, then click the cross in the upper right corner of the dialog to close the dialog.


Click the final box in the filter, then click Numeric operators, then click Is. Another box is added so that you can enter the number of past occurrences of the PolicyPurchased event that the interaction set checks for.
Complete the expression by clicking the new final box in the row, and setting Enter a value. You can now enter a number by typing in the box. Type 0 (zero).
The complete expression now reads:
Past Occurrences Of PolicyPurchased Within 12 months Is 0
This means that the filter evaluates to true if the number of occurrences of the PolicyPurchased event in the past 12 months is exactly zero.


Your changes are saved automatically. Check that the filter you have just created is valid. An error message is displayed in the status bar and the Has not purchased a policy filter is shown as incomplete. This error occurs because the event that it refers to, PolicyPurchased, is not used in an interaction block. This means that the PolicyPurchased event is never recorded so it cannot be associated with any other instances of the event.