#Introduction to basic Business Process Modeling concepts using IBM Lambardi.

= Overview =

WebSphere Lombardi Edition Version 7.1 (hereafter called Lombardi) provides a flexible platform for rapid delivery and improvement of your business process applications. Lombardi V7.1 is a comprehensive BPM offering that enables companies to continually improve their end-to-end business processes. With Lombardi, teams can build, manage, and optimize process applications that orchestrate human collaboration and system interactions.

This tutorial gives you an overview of the Lombardi product and architecture.


= Concepts =

A business process is a collection of activities designed to produce a specific output for a particular objective, involving both human and system interactions. A business process implies a strong emphasis on how the work is done within an organization, in contrast to a product's focus on what. A process is a specific ordering of work activities across time and place, with a beginning, an end, and clearly defined inputs and outputs: a structure for action.
Business Process Modeling Notation (BPMN) is a diagramming standard for drawing business processes. It’s a format that is understandable to business users because it looks like a flowchart –- you don’t need a lot of training to understand how to use it. And it’s also understandable to anybody in IT who might be involved in the process. The objective of BPMN is to support business process management (BPM) by both technical users and business users by providing a notation that is intuitive to business users but still able to represent complex process semantics.

Lambardi BPM tool is a client-server architecture. You can use the client to access the shared model. This architecture allows multiple clients to access the BPM shared model simultaneously.