
= Introduction =

Saving the project so that you can open it in Design to build the business logic

== Task 4.3: Save Project ==

Now that you have defined the incoming event and outgoing action, you must save the project in the Business Space project store, or a separate business user, so that you can open the project in the Design tool in Business Space.

= Procedure =

1.	In Design Data tool, click *File* > *Save As Project To Server Store*. 
2.	The dialog that opens displays the project store. The project store is the area in which you save projects that you create in Design Data. You (or another user) can then open the project in Design from the project store to complete the application by adding the business logic.
Log in to the WebSphere Business Events Runtime if prompted when you use the *Open Project from Server Store* menu item for the first time. Enter your user ID and password and click *Login*. If you want to log in to a different WebSphere Business Events Runtime than the one listed in the title, click the *Runtime* button, and select another WebSphere Business Events Runtime or enter a different host and port.
A folder for your user ID is automatically created and opened when you log in. Other users can access the folder even though it is named with your user ID.
3.	In the *Project* field, type _!PatientRegistrationTutorial_ as the name of the project. The project on which you are working is saved with this name in the project store.
4.	Click *Save*.
The *PatientRegistrationTutorial* project is saved in the project store.
If you are unable to open the project store, it might be because the application server is not running. To start the application server, click *Start* > *Programs*> *IBM WebSphere Business Events V7.0.1* > *Start WebSphere Application Server*.
Results
You have saved the project in the Business Space project store so that you, or a separate business user, can open the project in Design in Business Space to build the business logic.
