#labels servers
Software Requirements List: 
	BPM:
		IBM BPM v 8.0
		IBM Process Designer (Lombardi v 8.0)
	Cognos:
		IBM Cognos v 10.2
	SME:
		springsource-tool-suite-2.9.2.RELEASE-e3.7.2-win32-installer
		grails-1.3.7
		MySql v 5.2 CE
	CEP:
		IBM WebSphere v 7.0.1
	Message Broker & Test Console:
		WebSphere Message Broker Toolkit v 8.0

Required URLs: (Must be connected to the university network)
	SME Console: http://137.122.93.228:8080/SME/
	Cognos: http://137.122.93.90/ibmcognos/
	Message Broker: http://137.122.88.139:8080/osler-mb/
	BPM Web Console: http://137.122.93.132:9080/portal/ 
	Ekahau Console: http://137.122.88.139:8550/epe/main/
	
Starting the BPM Server:
	Use the Remote Desktop tool to connect to the url 137.122.93.132 (You must be connected to the university network).
	user: Lpeyton Pass: Liam is my professor in 2012 at U of O
	C:\IBM\BPM\v8.0\profiles\ProcCtr01?\bin
	check BPM server is running, go to the location above from the command line running as administrator, then type serverStatus.bat server1
	to start server type: startServer.bat server1
	start the BPM client. go to where the client is installed and edit the file eclipse.init.
	http://137.122.93.132:9080/portal to check BPM server from browser.
	if not working, try connecting to robolab w1r3l3ss!
	username and passwrd are admin admin
	change the following in the eclipse.init file. url=http://oslerbpm.site.uottawa.ca:9080
	(this did not work and we went back to the ip)
	ALWAYS USE ROBOLAB WIRELESS NETWORK.
	to connect to the BPM sever at the standalone use the : url=http://192.168.1.135:9080

Starting Cognos:
	Use the Remote Desktop tool to connect to the url 137.122.93.90 (You must be connected to the university network).
	user: Lpeyton Pass: Liam is my professor in 2012 at U of O
	Press start and run the Cognos Configuration Manager
	Press the green triangle at the top left (play button)
	Wait 2-3 minutes for cognos to start
	navigate to the url http://137.122.93.90/ibmcognos to ensure it is live

Starting SME:
	Use the Remote Desktop tool to connect to the url 137.122.93.228 (You must be connected to the university network).
	user: Administrator Pass: Exam!23
	Navigate to the folder C:\PFM\apache-tomcat-7.0.23\bin
	Run the startup.bat file
	Navigate to URL http://137.122.93.228:8080/SME/ to verify the server has started
	
Starting CEP:
	Remote Desktop into the Server IP 137.122.93.228 for school network. (For the standalone: 192.168.1.134)
	Enter log in credentials Username: Administrator, Password: Exam!23
	2.Go to Start -> Programs -> IBM WebSphere? Business Events Server v7.0.1 and click on “Business Space”
	3.On the login pop-up screen enter the credentials Username: aladdin_baarah, Password:2611
	4.Click on “Manage Spaces” tab and delete the existing projects space by clicking on “Actions” and Delete.
	5.Create a new space, give it a name e.g. “Osler Demo”, “save” and click “Done”.
	6.Click on the “Spaces” tab and select your newly created space from the list.
	7.Click on “Edit Page”
	8.Click on “Business Events Design” and “Business Events Tester” Widgets to add them to the Project.
	9.In the “Business Events Design” Widget, Click on Project -> Open
		Choose Folder Shirely and
		Click on Osler Extended Scenario_v4(Demo)
		Click on OK
		Wait until you receive confirmatory message “Project opened successfully”
		Go to Runtime tab and click on “Delete repository assets”
		Go to Runtime tab again and click on “Publish to Runtime”
		Wait until you receive confirmatory message “Publishing project: published successfully”
	Note: (If you face with this Error: Error 404: ProxyServlet?: /mum/nullassets , you can close the project and comeback to step 8)
	10. In the “Business Events Tester” Widget, Click on “Restart Testing” button
	11.In the file system navigate to C:\OslerProject\TestCase1\InputEvents folder
		Empty the folder if it contains any files
	12.Go to Start -> Programs -> IBM WebSphere Business Events Server v7.0.1 and click on “Connectors”
	13.On the login pop-up screen enter the credentials
		User Identity: aladdin_baarah,
		User Password:2611
		Click on OK
	14.The CEP is now ready to receive events.
	
Starting Message Broker:
	Use the Remote Desktop tool to connect to the url 137.122.88.139 (You must be connected to the university network).
	user: Administrator Pass: Liam is my professor in 2012 at U of O
	Navigate to the folder C:\tomcat7\bin
	Right click on tomcat7w.exe and click on "Run in administrator mode"
	Click the "start" button
	Navigate to URL http://137.122.88.139:8080/osler-mb/ to verify the server has started
	
	
	